They were trying to sign petition, dude,
this is the other thing about the Robert Pattinson playing Batman.
Like he's going to maybe probably get the Batman part
and then there are people like, no, no, no, no way. I can't see him as Batman.
Well guess who care? The people who were creating Batman
also. What do these people,
these people who think Robert Pattinson shouldn't play Batman.
I'm all for it. By the way. Go ahead. Go ahead.
He looks like he could be Batman.
You're only saying that he can't play Batman straight up.
You're only saying that because of Twilight. Okay.
And you're saying that because that people just want it to hate that show
because it was a, it was for teenage girls and you're like, Oh,
that's so or it's so corny. It's so stupid. It's not actually good.
But you saying no way,
I won't stand for Robert Pattinson playing Batman and making a petition
and about it online makes you a
teenage girl. So what the he are?
What you hate?
You don't like Robert Pattinson playing Batman because he was on Twilight
because you didn't like that because it was for teenage girls.
So you go online and you start a petition or sign a petition about how Robert
Pattinson would be a bad Batman and how he shouldn't play it because
you're a teenage girl. That's what happened.
You're no better than that.
Chu doin chill.
You 45 year old bellied out type typist,
just complaining and online about how Robert Peck. that. Why can't he be Batman?
Because he was in Twilight. So what were those movies? Corny show. What?
You know, what's corny. A guy dressing up as a bat.
It's all corny. Dude.
Let them pick it.
People thought Michael Keaton back when wouldn't be a good Batman.
Imagine if the internet existed, they'd be up in arms. You're not going to dude.
You don't matter. You don't matter, dude.
If you're making a petition about the
Sonic, the hedgehog, it's like, dude, you don't that,
that was crazy. When people are like, Oh,
Sonic the hedgehog or men know like,
why all this hate on the way, Sonic the hedgehog in the movie who cares?
And then the producers, I think they actually went back and were like,
all right, well, we're going to dude. You Bucklin. that.
Ah, I don't know, man. Maybe I got the one.
Maybe I'm the one with the problem. If I was a producer,
Sonic the hedgehog and then somebody was like, dude, no way.
That's not how it should look. Guess what happened?
You just solidified the way it looked.
Stand up for it, specially for some dumb like Sonic the hedgehog man.
Come on, dude. Dude.
Just, just think about complaining.
Just think for a second
about complaining about something called Sonic the hedgehog.
Like it's a blue hedgehog with
sneakers on K
And you're 40
also. I swear to God.
I thought it looked cool when I was like, Oh wait, people are hating on this.
I was like,
I love this artist fixes live action, Sonic the hedgehog.
And then like it got like a million retweets or some.
And it's just like the only thing he did is make his Dick area less
and he made them shorter a little bit
and it got 89,000 likes. Oh no, sorry.
325,000 likes. If you like that,
you're a dork straight up first to go. Here you go. Get out there.